ru/swt/addressbook/tests/contacts/ContactAddressTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactAddressTests
ru/swt/addressbook/model/Groups.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.model.Groups
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/groups/GroupCreationTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.groups.GroupCreationTests
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.groups.GroupCreationTests$1
ru/swt/addressbook/model/GroupData.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.model.GroupData
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/HbConnectionTest.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.HbConnectionTest
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/contacts/ContactToGroupAdditionTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactToGroupAdditionTests
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/contacts/ContactCreationTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactCreationTests
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactCreationTests$1
ru/swt/addressbook/appmanager/SessionHelper.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.appmanager.SessionHelper
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/contacts/ContactEmailTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactEmailTests
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/contacts/ContactFromGroupDeletionTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactFromGroupDeletionTests
ru/swt/addressbook/generators/GroupDataGenerator.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.generators.GroupDataGenerator
ru/swt/addressbook/appmanager/NavigationHelper.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.appmanager.NavigationHelper
ru/swt/addressbook/model/Contacts.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.model.Contacts
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/DbConnectionTest.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.DbConnectionTest
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/contacts/ContactDeletionTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactDeletionTests
ru/swt/addressbook/generators/ContactDataGenerator.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.generators.ContactDataGenerator
ru/swt/addressbook/appmanager/HelperBase.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.appmanager.HelperBase
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/contacts/ContactPhoneTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactPhoneTests
ru/swt/addressbook/appmanager/ContactHelper.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.appmanager.ContactHelper
ru/swt/addressbook/appmanager/DbHelper.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.appmanager.DbHelper
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/TestBase.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.TestBase
ru/swt/addressbook/appmanager/ApplicationManager.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.appmanager.ApplicationManager
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/groups/GroupModificationTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.groups.GroupModificationTests
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/contacts/ContactModificationTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.contacts.ContactModificationTests
ru/swt/addressbook/model/ContactData.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.model.ContactData
ru/swt/addressbook/appmanager/GroupHelper.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.appmanager.GroupHelper
ru/swt/addressbook/tests/groups/GroupDeletionTests.java
 ru.swt.addressbook.tests.groups.GroupDeletionTests
